Update contrib docs (#1632)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Contribute/Issues/index.md

# What is an Issue?

The [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/issues) is a way to keep track of ideas for new documentation, issues on wrong or outdated documentation and it's also a place where you can discuss the documentation with other contributors.

Here are a few examples of what the Issue Tracker can be used for:

- You were looking for a specific piece of information, but couldn't find it
- You found a broken link on one of the articles
- You found an article with wrong or outdated information and you do not have the time or knowledge to rewrite it
- You want to discuss possible improvements or ways to deal with a specific thing in the documentation

# Creating an Issue

> At the top of each article in the documentation on Our Umbraco has a link in the top, which provides you with the option to very easily open an issue or start a discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top of each article in the documentation on Our Umbraco there is a link, which provides you with the option to very easily open an issue or start a discussion.
```

![Our issue button](images/report-issue.png)

> Using this feature will automatically add a link to the article, to the issue you're creating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this feature will automatically add a link to the article, in the issue you're creating.
```
